Who is an American professional soccer player who plays for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer and has served as the captain of the United States national team?
Is Clint Dempsey ... Clinton Drew " Clint " Dempsey / ˈdɛmpsi / an American professional soccer player who plays for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer and has served as the captain of the United States national team?
When was Dempsey drafted by Major League Soccer club New England Revolution, where he quickly integrated himself into the starting lineup?
Who became the first American player to score a hat-trick in the English Premier League, in the 5 – 2 win over Newcastle United in January 2012?
How many win does Dempsey become the first american player to score a hat -trick english premier league , in the 5 – 2 win over newcastle united in january 2012?
Does Dempsey become the first American player to score a hat -trick in the English Premier League , in the 5 – 2 win over Newcastle United in January 2012?
When did Dempsey become the first American player to score a hat-trick in the English Premier League,?
How many goals has he  earned over 100 caps and scored 48 international goals , making him the nation 's sixth -most capped player top scorer of all time?
Has he earned over 100 caps and scored 48 international goals , making him the nation 's sixth -most capped player and second top scorer of all time?
How many Cups has he  represented the nation at four concacaf gold helped them to the final of the 2009 fifa confederations cup and played at three fifa world cups , becoming the first american male to score in three world cups .... early life and career?
Has he represented the nation at four CONCACAF Gold Cups , helped them to the final of the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup and played at three FIFA World Cups , becoming the first American male to score in three World Cups .... Early life and career?
Who is of Irish descent on his father's side?
Is Dempsey of Irish descent on his father 's side?
Was his older brother Ryan offered a tryout for the Dallas Texans , an elite youth soccer club , and brought Clint , who was noticed and recruited while passing time juggling a ball on the sidelines?
Does Dempsey become a standout on the team at an early age but had to quit due to his family 's time and money constraints as his eldest sister Jennifer was becoming a ranked youth tennis player?
Do Several parents of his teammates with the Texans offer to assist the Dempseys with expenses and travel , allowing him to rejoin the club?
When did Dempsey lose his then 16- year- old sister Jennifer to a brain aneurysm?
Was Dempsey devastated with the family 's loss and later explained that this event helped him develop a deeper motivation to pursue soccer in honor of his sister?
Does He go on to be the captain and high scorer of the Texans and was honored with the MVP of the Tampa Bay Sun Bowl tournament?
Does Dempsey study the play of Argentina 's national team , especially Diego Maradona , and was heartbroken when the news came to Nacogdoches that Maradona would not be playing in the 1994 World Cup game played in the Cotton Bowl?